Asks for apology.
Refuses to talk because of ignore action.
Greeting with vibrator inside.
Greeting PC who's late to Sunday date.
PC used follow command, they want to know what's up.
Caught mastubating.
Upset about PC not coming to date/meeting place.
Generic good morning.
Warns about cheating.
Alone with PC.
Seen walking to class together.
Heckling a couple having sex.
Seen naked.
PC enters a forbidden zone (changing room, toilet, etc...).
PC catches the characters having sex.
Catches PC masturbating.
Startled.
Has lewd promise with PC, encouraging them to perform better.
Sunday date greeting.
A phrase about being a couple with PC.
Recently became a couple with PC.
Greeting lover.
Greeting lover.
Greeting, aroused.
Greeting friend.
Greeting enemy.
Greeting, want to be useful.
Greeting, PC aroused.
Greeting, jealous.
Greeting, annoyed.
Greeting, sad.
Greeting, relaxed.
Greeting, really aroused.
Greeting.
Encouraging.
Accepting encouragement.
Refusing encouragement (Sad).
Refusing encouragement (Not sad).
Calming.
Accepting to calm down.
Refusing to calm down (Angry).
Refusing to calm down (Not angry).
Praising.
Accepting praise (Low friendship/love).
Accepting praise (High friendship/love).
Refusing praise.
Grumble.
Answer: yes, you're hated
Answer: no, you're not hated
Apologizing.
Forgiving.
Not forgiving (Unforgivable).
No apology required.
Encouraging to study.
Accepting encouragement to study.
Refusing encouragement to study (Low friendship/love).
Refusing encouragement to study (High friendship/love).
Encouraging to exercise.
Accepting encouragement to exercise.
Refusing encouragement to exercise (Low friendship/love).
Refusing encouragement to exercise (High friendship/love).
Encouraging to do club activities.
Accepting encouragement to do club stuff.
Refusing encouragement to do club stuff (Low friendship/love).
Refusing encouragement to do club stuff (High friendship/love).
Encouraging harmony.
Accepting encouragement for harmony.
Refusing encouragement for harmony (Low friendship/love).
Refusing encouragement for harmony (High friendship/love).
Upset about seeing PC doing lewd things.
Accepting to stop doing lewd things.
Refusing to stop doing lewd things (Low friendship/love).
Refusing to stop doing lewd things (High friendship/love).
Spreading good rumours about @.
Accepting good rumour.
Refusing good rumour (Low friendship/love).
Refusing good rumour (High friendship/love).
Encouraging to get along with @.
Accepting to get along with @.
Refusing to get along with @ (Low friendship/love points).
Refusing to get along with @ (High friendship/love points)
Refusing to get along with @ (High hate/dislike points for @).
Asking PC to help them get along with @.
Accepting to help.
Refusing to help (Low friendship/love points).
Refusing to help (High friendship/love points).
Refusing to help (High hate/dislake for @).
Spreading bad rumors about @.
Accepting rumors.
Rejecting rumors (Low love/friendship).
Rejecting rumours (High love/friendship.
Asking if PC loves @.
Asking if PC loves the character.
Answer: yes (high love, has had sex with them, not a lover).
Answer: no (high hate/dislike).
Answer: yes (high friendship/love).
Answer: yes (high love).
Answer: character does not know that person well enough.
Answer: character refuses to answer (Low love).
Answer: character refuses to answer (High love).
Inviting to talk about daily life.
Accepting to talk about daily life. 
Refusing to talk about daily life (Low love).
Refusing to talk about daily life (High love).
Inviting to talk about hobbies.
Accepting to talk about hobbies.
Refusing to talk about hobbies (Low love).
Refusing to talk about hobbies (High love).
Inviting to talk about food.
Accepting to talk about food.
Refusing to talk about food (Low love).
Refusing to talk about food (High love).
Inviting to talk about love.
Accepting to talk about love.
Refusing to talk about love (Low love).
Refusing to talk about love (High love).
Inviting to talk about lewd things.
Accepting to talk about lewd things. 
Refusing to talk about lewd things (Low love).
Refusing to talk about lewd things (High love).
Inviting to study when PC has better grades or student to teacher.
Inviting to study when PC has worse grades or teacher to student.
Accepting to study (Low love).
Accepting to study (High love).
Refusing to study (Low love/friendship).
Refusing to study(High love/friendship).
Inviting to exercise.
Accepting to exercise (Low love).
Accepting to exercise (High love).
Refusing to exercise (Low love/friendship).
Refusing to exercise (High love/friendship).
Inviting to do club activities.
Accepting to do club stuff (Low love).
Accepting to do club stuff (High love).
Refusing to do club stuff (Low love/friendship).
Refusing to do club stuff (High love/friendship, same club).
Refusing to do club stuff (High love/friendship, different clubs).
Offering a massage.
Accepting massage.
Refusing to be massaged (Low love/friendship).
Refusing to be massaged (High love/friendship).
Inviting to classroom.
Accepting to go to class (Low love).
Accepting to go to class (High love).
Refusing to go to class (Low love/friendship).
Refusing to go to class (High love/friendship).
Inviting to lunch.
Accepting to have lunch (Low love).
Accepting to have lunch (High love).
Refusing to have lunch (Low love/friendship).
Refusing to have lunch (High love/friendship).
Refusing to have lunch (High love, already ate).
Inviting for tea.
Accepting to have tea (Low love).
Accepting to have tea (High love).
Refusing to have tea (Low love/friendship).
Refusing to have tea (High love/friendship).
Inviting to go home.
Accepting to go home (Low love).
Accepting to go home (High love).
Refusing to go home (Low love/friendship).
Refusing to go home (High love/friendship).
Inviting to have fun.
Accepting to have fun (Low love).
Accepting to have fun (High love).
Refusing to have fun (Low friend/love).
Refusing to have fun (High friend/love).
Refusing to have fun (Class time, high friend/love).
Inviting to eat out.
Accepting to eat out (Low love).
Accepting to eat out (High love).
Refusing to eat out (Low friend/love).
Refusing to eat out (High friend/love).
Refusing to eat out (Class time, high friend/love).
Inviting to karaoke.
Accepting karaoke (Low love).
Accepting karaoke (High love).
Refusing karaoke (Low friend/love).
Refusing karaoke (High friend/love).
Refusing karaoke (Class time, high friend/love).
Inviting to own room to study.
Inviting to own room to fuck under pretense of studying.
Agreeing to go to room, intending to study.
Agreeing to go to own room, intending H.
Refusing to study at home (Low friendship/love).
Refusing to study at home (Low friend, high love).
Refusing to study at home (High friends, low love).
Agreeing to fuck in own room.
Inviting to fuck in own room.
Insult.
Masochist insult response
Normal insult response
Initiating a fight.
Accepting a fight.
Refusing a fight.
Winning a fight.
Losing a fight.
Telling PC to not interact with @.
Accepting to ignore someone (High love).
Accepting to ignore someone.
PC asks something the character already agreed to.
Refusing to ignore someone.
Asking to show "that", which is panties/dick.
Accepting to show "that" (High love).
Accepting to show "that" (Low love).
Refusing to show "that" (Low love).
Refusing to show "that" (High love).
Forcing PC to insert a vibrator in public.
Accepting to put on vibrator (High love).
Accepting to put on vibrator.
Already has vibrator on.
Refusing to put on vibrator (Low love).
Refusing to put on vibrator (High love).
Forcing to have sex.
Accepting to be forced (High love).
Accepting to be forced (Low love).
Refusing to be forced (Low love).
Refusing to be forced (High love).
Inviting to own club, \.
Accepting to join club.
Refusing to join club.
PC invited character to his club, but they already are in the same club. 
Inviting to date on Sunday.
Accepting date.
Accepting a date (Moderate/High love).
PC invited character to date twice.
Refusing date request (Low love).
Refusing date request.
Refusing a date because of prior arrangement.
Ending a date happy.
Ending a date upset.
Confessing.
Character not amused by confession (Low love).
Character overjoyed by confession (High love).
Unhappy with confession.
Asking to be lovers (Low love).
Asking to be lovers (High love).
Offering a relationship knowing that PC already is in relationship with someone.
Returning to PC after dumping them.
Accepting to be lovers.
Accepting relationship offer with high love.
Accepting relationship offer while Evil.
Refusing to be lovers because one of them is the teacher.
Refusing to be lovers because PC already has a partner (High love points).
Friendzoning PC.
Generic refuse because NPC is homosexual.
Generic refuse because NPC is heterosexual.
Rejecting to be lovers (Low Hate).
Refusing to be lovers.
Initiating a break up.
Initiating a break up because PC cheated.
Initiating a break up because the NPC loves someone else more. 
Accepting a break up (Low hate/dislike).
Accepting a break up (High hate/dislike).
Refusing to break up.
Refusing a break up because they're evil.
Asking to headpat.
Happy yes (Auto PC).
Getting patted on the head.
Refusing headpat (Low love).
Refusing headpat (High love).
Asking to hug.
Happy yes (Auto PC).
Accepting a hug.
Accepting a hug (High love).
Refusing hug (Low love).
Refusing hug (High love).
Asking to kiss. 
Happy yes (Auto PC).
Low love kiss.
First kiss (Taken).
High love kiss (Not Aroused).
High love kiss (Aroused).
Refusing kiss (Low love).
Refusing kiss (High love).
Asking to grope. 
Happy yes (Auto PC).
Accepting grope while having big breasts.
Accepting grope while having average breasts.
Accepting grope while having small breasts.
Accepting ass grope (male).
Refusing to be groped (Low love).
Refusing to be groped (High love).
Asking for sex.
Asking for sex while being a virgin.
Asking for sex after being seen masturbating.
Asking for sex with condom involved (Higher virtue, not safe day).
Asking for sex right after having sex.
Asking for sex when there's no one around.
Asking for sex when someone's having sex nearby.
Asking for sex after PC watches the character have sex with someone else.
Asking for sex after the character watches PC have sex with someone else.
Asking for sex while upset.
Yes to being forced (has been forced before, low love).
Accepting sex while being a virgin.
Accepting sex as a promised reward for scholarship.
Accepting sex while forcing to use a condom (Higher virtue, dangerous day).
Accepting sex without a condom (Lower virtue, safe day).
Accepting sex without a condom (Higher virtue, safe day).
Accepting sex without a condom (Lower virtue, dangerous day).
Accepting sex from lover when aroused.
Accepting sex from lover and has anal preference.
Accepting sex from lover.
Accepting sex after already turning it down (not lovers).
Accepting sex while having another lover.
Accepting sex.
Refusing sex as teacher.
Refusing sex offer from teacher.
Refusing sex (Higher virtue, virgin, high love points).
Generic refuse because NPC is heterosexual (High love points, same gender).
Generic refuse because NPC is homosexual (High love points, opposite gender).
Refusing sex because haven't been dating for long enough (High love, embarrassed).
Refusing sex because of location (High love, have not had sex before).
Refusing sex when high virtue on a risky day (High love, have had sex).
Refusing sex because unsafe day (High love, have had sex).
Refusing sex because you just had sex.
Refusing sex because not alone (High love).
Refusing to be forced.
Refusing to have sex.
Asking PC to follow them (no H).
Accepting to follow.
Refuses to follow (Low friendship/love).
Refuses to follow (High friendship/love).
Asking PC to follow them (with H).
Accepting to follow.
Refuses to follow (Low friendship/love).
Refuses to follow (High friendship/love).
Initiating sex scene after inviting PC to secluded location.
Initiating sex scene after following PC to secluded location.
Asking PC to leave.
Accepting to leave.
Refusing to leave.
Asking PC to wait at *.
Asking PC to wait at * tomorrow morning.
Accepting to wait at *.
Refusing to wait at * (Low friendship/love).
Refusing to wait at * (High friendship/love).
Nevermind. 
Replying to "Nevermind."
Breaking up a conversation between her lover and someone else.
Refusing to stop up a conversation.
Accepting to stop up a conversation.
"Which one of us?" Two of them say it and you must make your choice.
Choosing someone who said "Which".
Not choosing anyone: the character loves both.
Not choosing anyone: the character loves neither.
Not being chosen in the "Which" situation.
Being chosen in the "Which" situation.
Not amused with PC unable to pick either.
Generic not pleased noises.
Interrupting conversation.
Accepting to break conversation enhusiastically.
Accepting to break conversation.
Mad at being interrupted.
Breaking up a fight.
Accepting to break up a fight.
Interrupting sex and competing.
Response to someone who's competing with them for their sex partner.
Agreeing to switch because character is being raped.
Asking PC who he wants to do after someone catches them fucking and asks to trade places.
Picking someone to have sex with.
Not picking anyone to have sex with.
Not being chosen in the "Which" situation.
Being saved from rape by a willing partner.
Being chosen in the "Which" situation.
Character is being raped, someone wants to do with with PC willingly, PC refuses.
After an interruption, character is not chosen with "Huh?"
Breaking up the sex scene.
Accepting to break conversation unwillingly.
Responding to someone who broke up the sex scene.
Upset about being interrupted doing sex.
Initiating 3P.
Accepting 3P.
Asking partner if they accept 3P.
Accepting 3P after partner asks if PC is okay with it.
Asking for a massage.
Accepting to give massage.
Refusing to give massage (Low friendship/love).
Refusing to give massage (High friendship/love).
Asking for a kiss.
Accepting to kiss.
Refusing kiss (Low friendship/love).
Refusing kiss (High friendship/love).
Offering hug.
Accepting hug.
Refusing hug (Low friendship/love).
Refusing hug (High friendship/love).
Asking to cut classes.
Accepting to cut class.
Refusing to cut class (Low friendship/love).
Refusing to cut class (High friendship/love).
Asking if PC had sex with @ after hearing rumors.
Answer: yes, I had.
Answer: no, I had not.
Asking to show "that"; "that" being panties/dick.
Accepting to see panties/dick.
Refusing to see panties/dick (Low friendship/love).
Refusing to see panties/dick (High friendship/love).
Asking if PC ever had sex.
Answer: yes, I had.
Answer: no, I had not.
Answer: character refuses to answer.
Offering to exhange characters's $ for PC's #.
Accepts to exchange items.
Refuses to exchange items (Low friendship/love points).
Refuses to exchange items (High friendship/love points).
Asks if PC saw their panties during wind event.
Character was asked if they saw panties during wind event, says yes.
Character was asked if they saw panties during wind event, says no.
Offering lewd promise.
Accepts lewd promise (Low love points).
Accepts lewd promise (High love points).
Refuses lewd promise(Low friendship/love points).
Refuses lewd promise (High friendship/love points).
Inviting to cash in lewd promise.
Accepts to cash in lewd promise (Low love).
Accepts to cash in lewd promise (High love).
Refuses to cash in lewd promise (Low love).
Refuses to cash in lewd promise (High love).
Cashing in lewd promise.
Stabbing PC (TOGETHER FOREVER).
Stabbing PC (I'll get you).
Slapping PC.
Good morning kiss.
Good bye kiss.
No-prompt kiss.
Breaking up with PC because the character hates them.
Informing PC about pregnancy.
Informing PC he's about to be two-timed because he two-timed the character.
Asking to keep affair a secret.
Asking PC to stop following.
Evil warning.
Informing PC about how @ loves PC while the character does not care about PC.
Informing PC about that @ was confessed to.
Informing PC about how @ went on a date.
Informing PC about how @ had sex in public.
Exploitable complaining.
Observing a lovers' quarrel over cheating.
Initiating Evil no-prompt sex.
Um. Short line to attract attention.
Just laughing lightly.
Asking to have sex.
Introducing self to class.
Deaf character couldn't hear what PC said.
Asking to hold hands.
Ridiculing PC for spamming a dialogue option too much.
Refusing to follow PC into private room.
Greeting, after surviving a stabbing.
Character initiates date.
Upset about being interrupted during sex.
Low love sex?
Post-3P, character on right.
High and highest virtue not ready for penetration during sex.
Commenting on PC taking both vaginal and anal virginites.
Kissing PC as they forgot to do that prior to sex.
PC took anal virginity before vaginal virginity.
Commenting on losing anal virginity.
Commenting on losing virginity.
Commenting on male PC losing his virginity.
Cleaning up a creampie.
Embarrased about being creampied.
Confronting PC about not coming inside on a safe day.
Came inside on risky day: Normal-or-higher virtue
Commenting on having sex without a condom.
Came inside on risky day: Low or Lowest virtue
Commenting on PC's condom after sex.
Making an excuse after initiating sex while the character should have been studying.
Commenting on PC initiating sex while they should have been studying.
Interrupting public sex when seen by other NPCs.
Commenting on being seen having sex and thinking nothing about it.
Non-sleeping lewd cutting class line.
Sleeping lewd cutting class line.
Commenting on liking to do loads and loads of sex.
Comparing PC to other lover, @. PC is better.
Comparing self to PC's other lover.
Urging PC to do it in vagina and not the ass.
Cumfart.
Asking PC to have anal sex.
Commenting on PC coming too quickly.
Commenting on the character coming too quickly.
Commenting on PC coming too much.
Commenting on having cum a lot. 
Commenting on cumming together.
Commenting own good technique after sex.
Commenting on being tired after enjoyable sex.
Commenting on sex scene ending without the character coming.
Commenting on sex scene ending without PC coming.
Commenting on having ahegao'd.
Commenting on too many blowjobs.
Commenting on too much bukkake.
Commenting on drinking a lot of semen after sex.
Commenting on sex scene without insertion.
Upset about being interrupted during sex.
Commenting on sex with a teacher.
Commenting on sex with a student, while being teacher.
Commenting on sex with a sexfriend.
Default after-sex line while in a relationship.
Evil after-sex line.
Post-3P, character on left. 
[Male after-sex lines]
[Male after-sex lines]
[Male after-sex lines]
[Male after-sex lines]
[Male after-sex lines]
[Male after-sex lines]
[Male after-sex lines]
[Male after-sex lines]
[Male after-sex lines]
[Male after-sex lines]
[Male after-sex lines]
[Male after-sex lines]
[Male after-sex lines]
[Male after-sex lines]
[Male after-sex lines]
Reaction to someone accepting their action/request.
Reacting to someone refusing their action/request.
After their apology is accepted.
Reacting to an unsatisfactory response.
Lower-love response to someone's answer for "have you had sex" or "do you like @"
Reacting to PC confessing about cheating.
Angry reaction to PC's response to their insult or fight request.
PC accepted their relationship request. 
PC accepted their relationship request while she's evil.
After their breakup is accepted.
PC accepted their breakup request because PC cheated.
After asking if PC ever had sex, finding out that he had (High-love, male partner).
After asking if PC ever had sex, finding out that he had not (High-love, male partner).
Successfully exchanged belongings.
Liking their panties seen after wind event.
Upset line (triggered by various events).
Giving headpat. 
PC accepted hug request.
Hugging PC. 
Giving low-love kiss.
Kissing PC, giving out the first kiss.
High love kiss.
High love and aroused kiss.
Rubbing girl's breasts.
Rubbing ass.
PC accepted their kiss request.
Consoling hug.
Showing "that", "that" being panties.
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]
[NoDim Extra Line?]